README.md, before:

# Leetcode Questions

## Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
[Solution](/MinimumRotatedSortedArray/main.go)

Suppose an array of length n sorted in ascending order is rotated between 1 and n times. For example, the array nums = [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] might become:

    [4,5,6,7,0,1,2] if it was rotated 4 times.
    [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] if it was rotated 7 times.

Notice that rotating an array [a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-1]] 1 time results in the array [a[n-1], a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-2]].

Given the sorted rotated array nums of unique elements, return the minimum element of this array.

You must write an algorithm that runs in O(log n) time.

## Search a 2D Matrix
[Solution](/Search2DMatrix/main.go)

You are given an m x n integer matrix matrix with the following two properties:

- Each row is sorted in non-decreasing order.
- The first integer of each row is greater than the last integer of the previous row.

Given an integer target, return true if target is in matrix or false otherwise.

You must write a solution in O(log(m * n)) time complexity.

## Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
[Solution](/FindFirstAndLastPositionElementSortedArray/main.go)

Given an array of integers nums sorted in non-decreasing order, find the starting and ending position of a given target value.

If target is not found in the array, return [-1, -1].

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.

Commit message:

Update README to add leetcode questions master link

README.md, after:

# Leetcode Questions
Some of my solutions for the leetcode [Top 100 Liked](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-100-liked/) questions

## Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
[Solution](/MinimumRotatedSortedArray/main.go)

Suppose an array of length n sorted in ascending order is rotated between 1 and n times. For example, the array nums = [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] might become:

    [4,5,6,7,0,1,2] if it was rotated 4 times.
    [0,1,2,4,5,6,7] if it was rotated 7 times.

Notice that rotating an array [a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-1]] 1 time results in the array [a[n-1], a[0], a[1], a[2], ..., a[n-2]].

Given the sorted rotated array nums of unique elements, return the minimum element of this array.

You must write an algorithm that runs in O(log n) time.

## Search a 2D Matrix
[Solution](/Search2DMatrix/main.go)

You are given an m x n integer matrix matrix with the following two properties:

- Each row is sorted in non-decreasing order.
- The first integer of each row is greater than the last integer of the previous row.

Given an integer target, return true if target is in matrix or false otherwise.

You must write a solution in O(log(m * n)) time complexity.

## Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array
[Solution](/FindFirstAndLastPositionElementSortedArray/main.go)

Given an array of integers nums sorted in non-decreasing order, find the starting and ending position of a given target value.

If target is not found in the array, return [-1, -1].

You must write an algorithm with O(log n) runtime complexity.
